CORE-11842 - updated getting started docs for beta 2 (#1192)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0-beta/developing/getting-started/cordapp-standard-development-environment/csde.md

| ---------------------------------------- |-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `startCorda`                             | 1. Downloads a copy of the combined worker JAR, if required. <br> 2. Starts an instance of a Postgres Docker container. You will need Docker Engine or Docker Desktop running.<br> 3. Starts the combined worker. The Combined Worker will continue to run in a 'Run' Console until it is shut down <br> Note, Corda takes about one minute to start up. It is best to poll the cluster with one of the `csde-query` helpers until it responds to confirm if the cluster is live and ready to interact. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `startCorda`                             | 1. Downloads a copy of the combined worker JAR, if required. <br> 2. Starts an instance of a Postgres Docker container. You will need Docker Engine or Docker Desktop running.<br> 3. Starts the combined worker. The Combined Worker will continue to run in a 'Run' Console until it is shut down. <br> Note, Corda takes about one minute to start up. It is best to poll the cluster with one of the `csde-query` helpers until it responds to confirm if the cluster is live and ready to interact. |
```

#### csde-cordapp

| <div style="width:220px">Helper</div> | Description                                                                                                                                                                             |
|---------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `1-createGroupPolicy`                 | Creates the Group policy which is required to set up the Application Network.                                                                                                           |
| `2-createKeyStore`                    | Creates the signing keys for publishing the CPIs.                                                                                                                                       |
| `3-buildCPIs`                         | Builds your CorDapp and wraps it in a signed CPI.                                                                                                                                       |

> | `4-deployCPIs`                        | Deploys the CPI to your local Corda cluster. If the CPI has already been deployed to the nodes on the cluster it will perform a forced upload and replace the old CPI with the new one. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `4-deployCPIs`                        | Deploys the CPI to your local Corda cluster. If the CPI has already been deployed to the nodes on the cluster, this task performs a forced upload and replaces the old CPI with the new one. |
```

| `5-vNodeSetup`                        | Sets up the Virtual Nodes specified in `config/static-network-config.json` on you local Corda cluster with the uploaded CPI.                                                            |

Each of these tasks has a dependency on the previous. So, if you run 3, it also runs 1 and 2.

{{< note >}}

> You only need to run `5-vNodeSetup` the first time you upload your CPI to the corda cluster. On subsequent builds, you can just run `4-deployCPIs`. (Note, `5-vNodeSetup` would have no effect if the virtual nodes have already been set up, it will not try to recreate them.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You only need to run `5-vNodeSetup` the first time you upload your CPI to the corda cluster. On subsequent builds, you can just run `4-deployCPIs`. (Note, `5-vNodeSetup` has no effect if the virtual nodes have already been set up. It will not try to recreate them.)
```
